1.	Bin It Back: Reinstate trashcans
— This project proposes the restoration or reinstating of trash cans in every classroom. 

2.	Tinig ng Kabataan: Iyong Dinggin, Aking Guro
— This proposal discusses the implementation of teacher evaluations at the end of each semester. A soft copy form, containing the required format, will be distributed to every section. This form will serve as the document on which students will provide evaluations of their selected teachers. The printed copies of these evaluations will be collected by a trusted SSLG officer. To ensure confidentiality, providing personal information will be optional. Additionally, to prevent conflicts, these papers will be carefully reviewed before submission to the office, where any issues and comments will be addressed.

3.	Bridging Fair Opportunities: Tulay Para Sa Lahat
—	This platform proposes proper monitoring and management of information dissemination throughout the school by the creation of “Information Board”. Every important announcement will be checked and monitored if properly displayed in the information board by SSLG Officers, especially announcements regarding inside-school competitions, extracurricular activities, club announcements, school events, and any other important details regarding the promotion of school activities. 




General Monitoring of Facilities – 
This will help keep our facilities clean and organized. This initiative aims to ensure and encourage students to maintain cleanliness and proper use of the facilities. With the cooperation of both students and teachers, we will achieve consistently clean spaces and a welcoming learning environment. This will also promote the values of responsibility and respect for the learning spaces.

Student Facilitating – 
Student Facilitating will be implemented to manage and support student well-being. It will also come with counseling that will offer students a safe place to talk about their issues and manage any challenging behaviors, whether they may be the cause of a problem or the one facing it. In this platform of the SSLG, we are willing to assist the concerns being faced by the Guidance Office.

Collaborative Workspace - 
This initiative helps build a community among the students to enable public collaboration. It aims to enhance the learning outcomes of students in a way that they will be able to interact with each other. By collaborating physically or digitally. In this workspace, students may share their learning resources or advise and guide students to be a better learner. The workspace will be built as a community by the students, for the students.